this first dish that I'm gonna show you
it's just taking the simple BLT into a
new world you see at the restaurant we
raise our own hogs and we make our own
bacon that's right we make our own bacon
and I love bacon but it doesn't have to
be homemade
as long as it's great quality and when
you're shopping for bacon you want to
look for some nice there's all kinds of
bacon on the Shelf these days try to get
it as lean as possible now I said to you
earlier about a BLT you're not gonna
believe this but we're just gonna take
and start grilling some nice pieces of
bacon
now if you don't have a griddle what you
can do is you can just do it in a
skillet like I've done here well you can
also just do it inside of the oven works
great as well I like my bacon really
crispy like this sort of rend it out I'm
speaking about rendering out you can see
how which is sort of rendering out this
bacon we're gonna just sort of turn it
over and see the lean the leanness of
that mmm want to make sure you shop for
that lean bacon sometimes it gets lean
it's gonna start curling a little bit on
you like that
you just got to sort of press it back
down on your Heat sauce
now once you get the bacon for the right
Christmas that's you particularly like
want to get some of that oil out of
there
better known as some of that fat but
we're just gonna let that be right there
and then as I said I really really like
my bacon crisp almost to a snap love
bacon
now here we go with a very basic or at
least my basic Emeril's version of the
BLT
I've made some grilled flatbread because
I love grilled flatbread earlier you can
use pita bread you just sort of get it a
little bit on the grill
you don't have too much oil in your
skillet or in your pan you just to sort
of heat it up a little bit you can just
sort of get a little bit of that oil and
absorb some of that and just absorb some
of that oil like I'm doing right there
now it's hot be careful and then you can
either warm up your a pita bread or your
peasant bread either in the oven inside
of the skillet or what I like to do is I
like to just heat it up just a little
little bit like I'm doing there and I've
got some wonderful little bit lettuce
that i got and tomatoes well tomatoes
are not all the time of the year
perfect you know these are okay they're
not merely they they taste sort of okay
but I'm gonna make them taste taste even
better so I'm gonna take our tomatoes
and give a little salt a little bit of
lots of cracked pepper and then what I
did is I've got this beautiful little
bib this morning at the market and I'm
just gonna lightly season that cuz
that's gotta taste good as well with a
little salt and a little pepper and then
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put
together my version you see that you see
how what that does in the skillet after
that it just sort of crisps it up and we
can just sort of Pat it get all that
excess oil out of there hey get back
don't steal my BLT now what we're gonna
do is I took a little bit of mayonnaise
as we say in New Orleans and I just
worked a little bit of saffron a tumeric
you can add whatever you like inside of
that so I have here a little saffron
aioli and we do this occasionally at
Emeril's so instead of just a plain old
basic mayonnaise I have a little bit of
saffron aioli
and what I'm gonna do is I'm also gonna
add some on my plate and now what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna take some lettuce
this is emeralds version of BLT and I'm
gonna add me some seasoned tomato and
then what I also like to do is I got a
little bit of herbal you could use
whatever you like I'm gonna also use a
little bit of grated cheese cuz I love
cheese even though that you won't find
that at your old local diner like my
friends there in Fall River at the AL
Max diner and we're gonna put I love
bacon we're gonna put a lot of bacon on
there whoo and then we're gonna just
make a big old sandwich like that and
then we're just gonna cut it in half
whoo if you want to be nice you see how
that looks if you want to be nice you
can cut it in quarters and maybe share
it with a couple of your friends I don't
know if I'm gonna share mine or not
hey get back in there bacon all right
then what we're gonna do is just sort of
set our little oh boy a little bit of
lettuce and then we'll just take a
little bit of that nice herb like that
and a little bit more cheese